Mr. Cohen raised the question, was there no call between Mr. Shine and Secretary Steven?
Mr. Lucas said there was that there was no transfer to President of the time.
Mr. Cohen said that if we brought Mr. Shine down and he gave his consent with that call the red, do Mr. Shine.
Mr. Cohen then called for Mr. Shine who came in about ten minutes later.
Mr. Shine when he came in red that his limited consent signed the limited consent.
Now before the thing was red I want to go back for a moment.
While we were waiting for Mr. Shine to come a discussion arose with respect to this call.
In which Mr. Cohen said I'll bet Mr. Steven's call Mr. Shine and Mr. St. Clair said now Mr. Shine called Mr. Steven.
At that point there was a gathering back and forth about that point and I got up there and said that no events will I do the stakeholder on this outcome of this momentous conversation.
Mr. Shine came Mr. Lucas said down what his notebook started to read.
The only words of the call as I remember them are Secretary Steven's call Mr. Shine.
There was something about the word Dave and then it said something about Steve Cole that another number others and the one that they originally called.
I remember that word and Mr. Cohen turned to me and said see I was right.
Now that is the con-Mr. Lucas Ben Red, the left of the call following that.
Mr. Cohen and half Mr. St. Clair whether it was be possible if they brought up a secretary to have the call,
then that's the case.
Mr. Stein would have a copy.
When I said Mr. Cohen I don't remember exactly what it was Mr. Cohen but Mr. Shine because they were together.
Mr. Ben Red was the first to come up and Mr. Lucas began dictating I was not present well the rest of the conversation was on because I was busy as family and the notebook and the other document.
Now that's the story as I recall it.
Thank you very much Mr. Herbert.
Mr. Chair and the Chair of Mr. Lucas and Mr. St. Clair who were all the present.
Are there the recital which you have done for him?
In conformity with what you have been taking place Mr. Lucas you and those all have been present.
Yes sir.
Mr. St. Clair.
Chair may have to work to disagree if you agree and there is no competition.
No competition.
I suppose you know you're going to be a ceremony and you're going to be wearing it on the whistle.
But there is some kind of thing on this one.
I suppose it has to be quite a testimony.
Mr. Chairman I'm doing my best to think back.
I may be known as I didn't anticipate we'd have any troubles back.
I thought we got along admirably well considering the circumstance.
I suppose it appears that I may some form of wager.
If I did I'd never paint off nor have I collected.
I will say this a wager was supposed to be correct.
The only thing I would like to say concerning Mr. Horowitz's statement I think it's accurate.
I think that I would add that I persisted in my view that as to what the order of the telephone calls were.
I think Mr. Cohn and all fairness persisted in his view however.
I suppose it's not the case that I was in the court.
I need to be sure I know what an international witness has to tell me if I have such a big problem.
Any descendants of my right?
Well they're going around the table and while we have the opportunity let's return.
I think the injection matter certainly that the resolve very simply by our weather Mr. Shine called on the 19th.
What are the secretary in effect we turn just call we all get telephone calls sometimes we call back on the operator number.
Maybe the calls also you call the number direct.
I think we're spending a lot of time here on something that could be resolved very simply.
Mr. Lucas is I understand your testimony your records disclose that a call was made to the secretary by Mr. Shine on the 19th of October.
And your records in your office show that?
Yes sir.
Is that correct?
And an operator number was left?
Yes sir.
And a telephone number?
Operator such in such New York telephone number so and so is that?
Yes sir.
Well Mr. Chairman I don't know whether that if that point is disputed.
Well I say that's the first sort of thing Mr. Chairman.
I think we get to the heart and have it over with.
And your question?
By the Senate?
No.
He tell you that you have to welcome Mr. Washington back.
Well then I'll take you for a few minutes and reply to the Senate of Jackson by May.
The telephone records now on file of this committee disclose the following information.
What are you reading so?
Well the senator I mean from my copy of the telephone records that has been already marked in effort.
There is a committee that is in order to determine some kind of information.
But what's called a report of the read from Mr. Frank Fire?
That's the meeting to tell us that the report is not pardoning.
And the testing to tell us a little bit about this next time.
Just a moment sir.
I'm fine.
There's quite a lengthy group there.
These are the whatever something is that covers Washington DC.
On 101953, they missed a shine.
I must take that back.
It's the New York Company.
So from New York to a man by the name of Stevens at the Liberty 5-6-700 in Washington DC at 137 p.m.
What did he call for?
New York.
Over the where in New York.
There's a child.
Well I'm not familiar enough with these.
I think it does not show.
I would like to ask the witness if he knows whether on the following day October 20th,
Secretary Stevens was out of the office and in fact had port money.
Yes sir.
And returned to his office and the next day on the 20th of October.
And then as the day he made this call to Mr. Shine we've now been discussing.
Yes sir.
The other question is Mr. Tindler.
Welcome.
Mr. Tindler, any more?
So thank you Mr. Chairman.
Very well Mr. Tone or...
I have a client or a senator.
Anyone with me is Mr. Tindler.
Now...
What's this?
Mr. Wilkins, you were a successful owner.
You know how many were successful?
Which was the season's day here at 12.
I'm one person on.
David Shine called me up on the 21st of October.
Are you familiar with that?
It's day 248 of the record here.
David Shine called me up on the 21st of October.
That's what I'm interested in.
Am I familiar with it?
Yes sir.
What do you mean?
Well, Mr. Stevens, I'm telling you sir that Mr. Stevens came under all testimony in this room on April 23rd.
That day is Shine called me up on the 21st of October.
Well, I haven't read all of the talk.
Thank you sir.
Take my word for that.
Yes sir.
Are you ready to read all of the talk?
David Shine, that's what I'm interested in.
David Shine called me up on the 21st of October.
Now I'm not interested in a call on the 19th of October,
or the 10th of October, or anything else.
I know about a call on the 19th and I know about other calls.
But I'm interested in Mr. Locus and let me make this clear.
Is full initiator the call on the 21st?
And who wanted to talk for room?
That's the issue here.
Now, is Mr. Stevens telephoned?
I'm sorry.
Did David Shine call up Mr. Stevens on the 21st of October?
No sir.
He did not.
Did Mr. Stevens call Mr. Shine on the 21st of October?
Yes sir.
And Mr. Stevens say to Mr. Shine,
I told you I would rather have talked with you in person
than to have told you on the phone.
Yes sir.
Did he go on and say, but since I didn't get to get you in person,
and I am about to leave on a quick trip to California,
I wanted to call you and tell you.
Is that right?
Yes sir.
Well now, what did that sound like to you?
Does that sound like Mr. Stevens calling Mr. Shine
or that Mr. Shine is calling Mr. Stevens?
Well, I can't wait to hear it.
Now, farewell.
Any other questions?
I have a China question.
No questions sir.
Very well, I guess we'll do it that way.
We'll run out of any meetings,
directed detectives, the phone calls,
are you ready to call?
Yes sir.
I'd like Mr. Jenkins to remind him the record.
Very well.
And, uh...
So, do you not agree with the coverage of the call
that you've been missing?
I do.
I believe I've decided to leave on the phone.
Thank you, Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Luther's on the left asking to stay
whether or not he's monitoring a number of telephone calls
hicing between Mr. Cohen and the secretary of the Army.
Yes sir.
You don't have any...
I believe I'll...
Seven, sir.
May the chair and the chair have said it's a private time.
You are just listed on the committee table now
and you make a back to the Army and wherever you are.
I do hear that.
All right.
I'll have a second.
What's the...
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm just curious.
I thought the Army Comfort was going to have a question.
Did Mr. Shine call on the night?
Oh, that's...
I think that's an example.
I call on the meeting range.
It's going to be on the 20th.
I don't know if it's an absolute.
We know like four times we're going to have the record.
I'll tell you the exact answer.
Just for the sake of clarifying the record,
if Mr. Stephen were returning the call of mine,
he would have asked me what I had called him about.
This phone call that has been read into the record today
clearly shows, I think,
that Mr. Stephen said most of the talking
and that I did most of the listening, sir.
Did you see him on the plane?
I did not, sir.
That is the explain in the conversation.
Well, I really asked a question.
There's an unreterned call as I understand the record here.
On the 19th.
And I understood Mr. Lucas originally to say that
the call had not been returned and it's been two days later
that a call was initiated then by Mr. Stephen.
At least I would indicate that.
But you say you'd call him the 19th about
the entirely different matter,
but he did not return that on the 19th city.
There was on the 19th arrangement for being made
for a trip to Fort Lama.
That is an entirely different matter, sir.
The trip to Fort Lama took place on the 20th.
As it happens, I didn't get to fly down
because the pilots called me and told me
that the weather would not permit us to fly.
On the 21st Secretary Stephen called me
as his indicator to this conversation
and told me that he was sorry
that he did not add the opportunity to see me at Fort Lama.
And that therefore he had to call me on the telephone.
This wasn't entirely different matter, sir.
Oh, I think that's your out of no.
The conversation was very well.
I was like, I didn't spend time.
Yes, I just wanted to fire.
I have to.
All right, then he may set down by the chance.
Before he goes, Mr. Starr and today.
We have a record of a telephone call from Mr. Shines
to the Secretary of the 19th of October.
Our record indicates that at that time
you talked to Colonel Booth.
And the reason is a call was completely different.
Yes, sir. I believe the call was completed
concerning plain arrangements to Fort Lama, sir.
And that record has been introduced to the record, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman, I would say that records are very clear
that the call was only as he was made.
It was completed.
This was an entirely different matter.
There was a new call initiated firement to see
this on the 21st.
We have Mr. Stephen's warm testimony.
We have the contradiction from the call,
and it will be up to the committee to make the determination.
Well, what you're saying is that the call was not completed
to Stephen's, but it was completed to someone
in the office, Colonel Booth.
Yes, sir.
And I'm saying the purpose of that call,
the business was transacted on the 19th and the 20th.
There was no sending business, and that a new call on a different matter
was initiated by Mr. Stephen, who said in the call to the call,
I am calling you.
I wanted to call you, and I wanted to tell you such and such things.
I think I've been one time.
Yes, sir.
The bill was revealed.
The call on the 19th was to make arrangements for the hearing
at Fort Moments, was that the case?
Yes, sir.
The call?
What?
I think you have to do this in a certain way, Colonel Bloor.
After you can give Mr. Stephen.
Yes, sir.
Thanks, sir.
The sign is also a kind of a little white talker,
but the route is not the one.
Let's hear it.
I think they have put down these tracks,
and they can't have too much difference.
We're going to see if they can do that.
I'll get that done.
It's a little bit better.
I think, yes, that it's perhaps a little inappropriate
for counsel to argue a case in the middle of it
or even for a participant, but I would suggest that the Army
be allowed to file, whether it's records made at the time,
which would indicate that the witness
or the participant now privacy is shy and asked
if the secretary called him back.
We will do that this afternoon.
Anyway, everyone.
Okay.
There are no further questions now about privacy.
The chairman, like you just mentioned, is a witness.
Something to be called against.
It's necessary.
Mr. James.
The Chief Minister of the United Nations,
your first monitor's call between Mr. Boone
and the Secretary of the Army.
23 September 1973.
Did you take the short-hand note of that call?
Yes, sir.
And if you transcribe those notes to type, yes, sir.
Do you have a copy of your transcription before you?
Yes, sir.
Is he correct or subventionary, so?
Mr. Coen, do I understand that you desire that I repeat?
I'm very much appreciated if you would, Mr. James.
Now, I've noticed, in the course of my calls,
and particularly, I'm Mr. Card,
there are certain names mentioned that come into two categories.
One of those is suspected communists in the Army.
I have suggested that those names be not read publicly.
The second thing is, I think that in my calls,
there are two references to an usual personal friend of Mr. Steven's and myself,
similar to the thing in Senator Macaw, these two all.
And I've answered if there's no objection for anyone.
For many of them, that's not be read either.
And I would be very happy to have you show all those things to the committee and let them decide.
And I understand you've made proper decisions on the coffees you have delivered to me, Mr. Coen.
And before reading those names, they will be submitted to the members of the committee.
I would still ask you to follow me, please, now.
And after I have completed meeting each call,
you may say, well, they're not absolutely ready to the purposes of the record.
23 September 1953, since when is it going to show the law of Cohn's policy?
Law of Cohn's phone secretary, the Army from New York, at 12.29.
Steven, are you working in New York now?
Cohn, yes.
We have got to hold a hearing here today.
Steven, when we need to be back, Cohn,
I don't think we will be back over the weekend.
We have something like a heavyweight championship.
Three dots.
Cohn, what are we going to do with General Putsch?
Steven, I don't know, Roy.
You're going to have to head him up there on Monday, of course.
Cohn, that is up to you, Steven.
I think it would be on my as Roy for me to have enough to do that.
Cohn, you don't have to ask me.
Steven, I think it is a very nice thing.
I've deleted the words.
I've accidentally saved the meaning of it yesterday.
Cohn, you just don't, you just give me an indication
because maybe the thing has ramifications.
And he has the head of Cohn, and maybe we won't be doing much
if we make the head of Cohn's policy.
Steven, you won't be gaining much from our standpoint
to make the Cohn's policy.
On the other hand, I don't like to say to you,
quote, please don't call it that, I'm full code.
I think you'd better call him up there and handle it,
as you think, man.
But don't let's have too much of a spectacle.
Cohn, I'm afraid once you get that bad,
there will not be too much of a way to stop the things you see.
You know what, he likes it.
You might want a nice General Putsch,
but once you get in the ring and start thinking
a couple of posts, it gets on the exchange.
Steven, how do you feel about it yourself?
Cool.
I think it would be a lot of fun.
You know I have an old, big name, mother.
But on the other hand, I can see why that would not be a good idea
from the standpoint of over there.
And if you can do a good job, on the other hand,
we have a lot of witnesses.
And maybe we just won't reach here.
Dennis, much easier.
Let me know as late as Monday morning.
Steven, how can I call you?
Cool.
I have a check.
I need you to follow up.
Why?
My office number.
I don't mind that.
I would appreciate it if you didn't read my home phone
because I'd start getting a phone.
So, here we be the one with a two-gillipop lover.
And Cohn gives you the two office numbers.
And here office and residence.
That's Cohn.
Is that correct?
Steven.
That will be over the next two or three days.
Cohn, right.
You just let me know.
Everything else all right?
Steven's okay.
Have I correctly read it?
Yes, sir.
What is the latest next monitor that telephone call
between Mr. Cohn and the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Cohn?
The poll is September 25, 1953.
I mean, is that substantially correct?
Yes, sir.
The monitoring of that call in your transcript.
Transcription.
Are they correct, Mr. Lucas?
Yes, sir.
Can you follow me as I read you, please?
Are you ready?
Yes, sir.
25 September, 1953, friends and sprouting.
925, Secretary of the Army tried to phone Roy Cohn.
And 937, Roy Cohn called back Secretary of the Army.
Steven.
Are you keeping busy?
Cohn, yes.
We had your friend, Paula.
Steven.
He said he stayed away from the Fifth Amendment call.
We're getting a contempt citation against him.
Then, the mayor was in, and he named Le Mans, and some of these books,
question-marking references, and their communist party activities.
Then we got hired more who had written that, and she got a postponement,
postponement of her money, and she was a fifth amendment case.
There is a new situation involving a part of your thing that I would think you about
when I see you that looks pretty bad.
I know they're trying to cover up so you won't even know about Steven.
Is it something I ought to act on before you get back, Cohn?
I don't think so.
They're trying to do a cover-up job on something, Steven.
That I am not interested in.
I won't earn for me anything and everything.
Thank you.